[docs] update EAS Submit docs + add page on eas.json (#14315)
expo/expo: docs/pages/build/eas-json.md

}
```

> The JSON object under the `build` key can contain multiple build profiles. Every build profile can have an arbitrary name. The default profile that is expected by EAS CLI to exist is `release` (if you'd like to build your app using another build profile you need to specify it with a parameter - `eas build --platform android --profile foobar`). In the example, there are two build profiles (`release` and `development`), however they could be named `foo` or `bar` or whatever you'd like. Inside build profile you can specify `android` and `ios` fields that contain platform-specific configuration for the build, any common options can be also stored there or in the root of the build profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JSON object under the `build` key can contain multiple build profiles. Every build profile can have an arbitrary name. The default profile that is expected by EAS CLI to exist is `release` (if you'd like to build your app using another build profile you need to specify it with a parameter - `eas build --platform android --profile foobar`). In the example, there are two build profiles (`release` and `development`), however they could be named `foo` or `bar` or whatever you'd like. Inside each build profile you can specify `android` and `ios` fields that contain platform-specific configuration for the build, any common options can be also stored there or in the root of the build profile.
```

    },
    ...
  },
  "submit": {
    // EAS Submit configuration
    ...
  }
}
```

> If you're also using EAS Submit, [see how to use `eas.json` for configuring your submissions](/submit/eas-json.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're also using EAS Submit, [see how to use `eas.json` to configure your submissions](/submit/eas-json.md).
```
